.\" $Id: dasm.1 311 2008-11-13 05:49:49Z phf $
.\" A brief man page for dasm.
.\"
.\" /usr/bin/tbl dasm.1 | /usr/bin/groff -Wall -mtty-char -Tascii -mandoc -c | /usr/bin/less -is

.\" .TH name section center-footer left-footer center-header
.TH dasm 1 "December 2008" "DASM macro assembler" "http://dasm-dillon.sourceforge.net/"

.SH NAME
dasm - versatile macro assembler for 8-bit microprocessors
.SH SYNOPSIS
dasm sourcefile [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
Sad but true, this is a
.B
dummy
man page, the
.I
real
documentation lives in dasm.txt which
should be somewhere on your system now, no telling where
exactly. :-/
.SH OPTIONS
.SS -f --format
.P
This is a paragraph, isn't it neat? Yeah, very, very neat!
.RS
.P
This should be indented I hope?
.RE
Bla bla.
.SS -o --output
.SS -l --listing
.SS -L --list-all
.SS -s --symbol-dump
.SS -v --verbose
.SS -d --debug
.SS -D --define
.SS -M --eqm-define
.SS -I --include-dir
.SS -p --passes
.SS -P --sloppy-passes
.SS -T --symbol-sorting
.SS -E --error-format
.SH BUGS
.P
Mostly features actually. :-)
.\" some more just in case
.\" GNU inspired
.SH AUTHORS
.P
Written by Matthew Dillon, Olaf "Rhialto" Seibert,
Andrew Davie, Thomas Mathys, and Peter H. Froehlich.
.SH CREDITS
.P
A cast of thousands. :-)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
.P
Report bugs to <dasm-dillon-discuss@lists.sf.net> please!
.SH COPYRIGHT
.P
Copyright (c) 1988-2008 by various authors (see file AUTHORS).
License GPLv2+: GNU GPL version 2 or later (see file COPYING).
DASM is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH SEE ALSO
.P
The full documentation for DASM is maintained as a plain text
file. In the official DASM distribution, the file /doc/dasm.txt
is what you need to read.
